ah
today we are going to make black herb cakes
the ingredients that we are going to need
they are cream to mount cocoa sugar in
egg powder yeast chocolate milk
black chocolate wheat flour and
syrup
The first thing we are going to do in a
blender and pour eggs
the essence of vanilla
and we 're going to beat it well until
double or triple the volume
after about 8
minutes has tripled the volume and remains
I do not know if you will see it well
a kind of tip
You see that it's late because now we've
worked the yeast the cocoa and the
flour is important that we throw little
to little
and let's move with the blender
little by little as you go
integrating in this way we are going to do
that the mass does not get off
once the dough is ready we have
cast on three plates we are going to
preheat the oven to 180 degrees and
let's put each plate
approximately 8 to 10 minutes
while the cake is being made
let's take the opportunity to assemble the cream
that we explained in the previous video
now we have caught dark chocolate and
we have melted it in the microwave
we've expected it to cool a bit and
let's take advantage to throw the cream
let's move it
and when we see that we integrate
throwing more nothing is important that the
chocolate is cold so that the cream does not
cut
once the plates have cooled
and we have the whipped cream we have caught
one of the plates we have put the
syrup and now we are going to truffle
we have returned to put another iron
we have thrown the syrup and the cream and
now let's put
the last iron
we are going to put the syrup
and we are going to take a very thin layer of
cream
with the attack we will Unused
we have thrown over and we have thrown
some chocolate chips I hope that you
like after having thrown the layer
and the chocolate above we have
left about 34 hours in the fridge and this
It's the look of our jungle cake
Black I hope you like it is great